README.md, before:

# Read me
This readme file will be updated as I create changes.

If you need to reach me please email me at demory@edyt.com

~

Darren / Visual Designer / Edyt.com

## Changelog

### October 7th, 2014
Initial build of Work manager *work-manager-nav.html*

- Early look at colored trays concept (work in progress)
- Styled active state and fade transition for previewing dossiers

### October 1st, 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Created animation for dialog display (using jQuery + animate.css)
- Created animation for tooltip fade (using jQuery + animate.css)
- Restyled primary accent to a nicer blue
- Restyled all border shades to be lighter
- Restyled toolbar buttons for more elegant off, hover, and active states
- Restyled swim lane and helper navigation for more elegant off, hover, and active states
- Removed shadow from panel toolbar
- Adjusted adjacent panel widths

### September 29th 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Fixed bug for scrolling panels where the panel scrollbar went into toolbar background
- Enabled disabled states for primary nav, toolbar buttons, secondary content toggles, and helper nav
- support for tooltip multi-line support
- added tooltips for top toolbar icons


### September 26th, 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Adjusted workspace layout to support two column panels
- Fixed layout bug for secondary content panel toggles
- Created functionality for each panel to scroll independently
- Updated colors based on UX/Visual meeting notes from Thursday, September 25th
- Experimenting with different color combinations for warnings/success message alerts
- Slimmed the top toolbar headers for less vertical space consumption

Commit message:

Continued Workmanager Tweaks
- Adjusted padding on workmanager tray cards for better readability
- Finalized focus style for keyboard hover
- Adjusted green color after viewing it on alternate monitor (a little
too neon)
- Adjusted workmanager toolbar for headline readability

README.md, after:

# Read me
This readme file will be updated as I create changes.

If you need to reach me please email me at demory@edyt.com

~

Darren / Visual Designer / Edyt.com

## Changelog

### October 8th, 2014
Working in *work-manager-nav.html*

- Adjusted padding on workmanager tray cards for better readability
- Finalized focus style for keyboard hover
- Adjusted green color after viewing it on alternate monitor (a little too neon)
- Adjusted workmanager toolbar for headline readability

### October 7th, 2014
Initial build of Work manager *work-manager-nav.html*

- Early look at colored trays concept (work in progress)
- Styled active state and fade transition for previewing dossiers

### October 1st, 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Created animation for dialog display (using jQuery + animate.css)
- Created animation for tooltip fade (using jQuery + animate.css)
- Restyled primary accent to a nicer blue
- Restyled all border shades to be lighter
- Restyled toolbar buttons for more elegant off, hover, and active states
- Restyled swim lane and helper navigation for more elegant off, hover, and active states
- Removed shadow from panel toolbar
- Adjusted adjacent panel widths

### September 29th 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Fixed bug for scrolling panels where the panel scrollbar went into toolbar background
- Enabled disabled states for primary nav, toolbar buttons, secondary content toggles, and helper nav
- support for tooltip multi-line support
- added tooltips for top toolbar icons


### September 26th, 2014
Mostly worked in file: *nav.patterns.html*

- Adjusted workspace layout to support two column panels
- Fixed layout bug for secondary content panel toggles
- Created functionality for each panel to scroll independently
- Updated colors based on UX/Visual meeting notes from Thursday, September 25th
- Experimenting with different color combinations for warnings/success message alerts
- Slimmed the top toolbar headers for less vertical space consumption
